**Diversity and Inclusion Policy for Operating and Advisory Bodies**

This Diversity and Inclusion Policy (the **Policy**) aims to promote diversity and inclusion in the composition of the General Assembly, Board, Operating and Advisory Bodies (the **Decision-making and Advisory Bodies**) and in their nominations and appointments processes. *{organisation}* places great emphasis on ensuring that the membership of its **Decision-making and Advisory Bodies** reflects diversity in the broadest sense. A combination of demographics, skills, experience, race, age, gender, educational and professional backgrounds and other relevant personal attributes on the **Decision-making and Advisory Bodies** is important in providing a range of perspectives, insights and challenge needed to support good decision-making.

New appointments will be made on merit based on the principles of fairness, respect and inclusion. All **Decision-making and Advisory Bodies** nominations and appointments will be made based on individual competence, skills and expertise, taking into account the knowledge and independence needed to ensure a rounded **Decision-making and Advisory Body**. The search for candidates will be conducted, and nominations and appointments made, with due consideration of the educational and professional background, gender, age, ethnicity and geographical provenance of candidates, acknowledging the diversity benefits each candidate can bring to the overall **Decision-making and Advisory Body** composition.

*{organisation}* is committed to promoting diversity and inclusion and aims to meet industry targets and recommendations wherever possible. It is incumbent upon existing members of the **Decision-making and Advisory Bodies** and their nomination and appointment processes to seek diverse candidates across wide networks. Person specifications and calls for nominations should be carefully reviewed to ensure that they do not inadvertently exclude or discourage any group of candidates, and members of **Decision-making and Advisory Bodies** and nomination panels should seek and consider candidates from a broad pool.

The **Policy** content should comply with relevant legislation, regulation and governance codes. All relevant **Policy** updates should reflect the relevant employment diversity and inclusion policies of *{organisation}*.
